Now Randy, this is the last summary
of the kind of the last course
of the specialization?
I mean,
next course you have the capstone project?
>> All right.
>> But, this kind of last course?
>> Yes, it's kind of raps and
so, everything up right?
>> It does everything up, I'm thinking
maybe I might to have you comeback later
to make a closing video after this one.
>> Sure.
>> [CROSSTALK] Anyways, to wrap us this
lesson, lesson three, it was mainly
about the application, right?
>> Right,
the hard thing about the CV application.
>> Yeah, so we showed you,
we talked to you about
the different libraries that we used and
that we hope that you, we'll use for
your projects, maybe even find
some more cool ones out there.
But, we showed you how to get them.
We showed you how to pull them to your
DragonBoard 410c, how to access them, and
how to use them in a whole
bunch of different ways.
Primarily what,
with the basic application all we really
did was just pull an image, right?
>> Yeah, just take a picture with
the camera, make sure it works,
make sure your SimpleCV and
everything is installed correctly.
>> Yeah.
>> After that, we can add some actual
CV things such as facial recognition,
a color filter, or the contour lines.
>> Yeah, and that's a really cool,
I was actually very surprised about
how powerful these libraries are,
when Randy was working through
that stuff and showing everything.
I mean, it's amazing and
the possibilities are endless.
So, take it to your advantage, and
build something for your house.
You could buy something,
but we've said it before.
It's so,
gratifying to build it on your own.
>> Exactly.
And then remember,
I found these functions online.
So, guys can do the same thing,
look it up,
check it out, maybe there's one to change
the whole the increase the green hues or
something like that,
you might find really neat.
>> Yeah and we want to make sure
that at the end of this video,
in particular, you'll find
a little reading section there.
And what we want to do is we want to
provide you with, at the very least,
some links.
To some cool spots where you can go to
find out more about these libraries, and
then we want to give you a GitHub or
a way to access the code that we used.
>> Yeah.
>> So, all of the code that you saw
throughout this course in particular
will be available to you,
either throughout the lessons,
at the end of each lesson,
that we kind of showed you or
at the very end of this video, as well.
>> Right.
>> Either on a GitHub,
you've been using GitHub so, you'll
probably be able to just pull it from
GitHub, have you've been doing
throughout the other courses.
>> Yep, if you have any questions,
please go on the discussion boards.
Every course has a discussion board.
I'm on there, Randy's on there sometimes,
some of the other people
you've seen throughout the other courses,
they're all on there, Jacob, Eric.
We all try to help you
out as much possible.
Also feel free to help
your fellow students.
They really appreciate it.
We all appreciate your help and
your contributions to this community.
So, keep programming.
We'll see you in the next
course which is the Capstone.
We'll be building some cool stuff and
we hope you enjoyed everything.
So, keep programming.
Have some fun.